Bugfix around partly swept frame (#2835)
hyperspy/hyperspy: doc/user_guide/io.rst

  dataset, it can be integer or a tuple of length 2 to define ``x`` and ``y``
  separetely and it must be a mutiple of the size of the navigation dimension.
  (default 1).

> - ``only_valid_data`` : ignore incomplete (partly aquiered, interrupted) frame when reading pts file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``only_valid_data`` : for ``pts`` file only, ignore incomplete and partly acquired last frame, which typically occurs when the acquisition was interrupted. When loading incomplete data (``only_valid_data=False``), the missing data are filled with zeros. If ``sum_frames=True``, this argument will be ignored to enforce consistent sum over the mapped area. 
```
